[A]: Hey，关于'你觉得robot会抢走人类的工作吗？'这个话题，你怎么想的？
[A]: Ah, the mechanical loom question revisited - though I must say, the Victorians handled it with more poetic flair. Have you read Carlyle's 'Signs of the Times'? He called machinery 'the new mythology'... rather prescient, wouldn't you say?
[A]: How fascinating that you bring up Carlyle! His metaphor of machinery as mythology makes me think of how we've always anthropomorphized our tools - from Hephaestus's automatons to Shelley's Frankenstein. The loom question is indeed perennial, much like the tension between art and industry in Blake's 'dark Satanic mills'.
[A]: Precisely!  Though I'd argue Frankenstein's creature was more of a Romantic commentary on academic hubris than industrial anxiety. Speaking of which - did you know Ada Lovelace called her analytical engine notes 'poetical science'? Now there's a Victorian who understood the lyrical potential of cogs and gears.
[A]: Oh, Lovelace! Byron's mathematically gifted daughter - what a splendid intersection of the poetic and the mechanical. Her vision of the analytical engine composing music reminds me of how Tennyson's 'Locksley Hall' imagined 'the heavens fill with commerce'... though I suspect neither anticipated social media influencers when dreaming of technological futures.
[A]:  How delightfully vulgar you make modernity sound. Though if we're being thorough, one might trace influencer culture back to Wilde's Dorian Gray - the original curated self, forever preserved in algorithmic youth. The Victorians did so love their aesthetic posturing, just without the Instagram filters.
[A]: Ah, but Wilde would have adored Instagram! Imagine his epigrams condensed into tweets - 'All art is quite useless' with a perfectly filtered sunflower backdrop. Though I suspect he'd despair at how we've commercialized the dandy's detachment. The 19th century salon has become the 21st century swipe-up link, hasn't it?
[A]: How terribly true - though I must point out that Wilde's sunflower was never merely decorative. Remember his lecture on 'The House Beautiful'? Each petal served as moral instruction... unlike today's #aesthetic posts that vanish faster than Rossetti's exhumed manuscripts.  At least the Pre-Raphaelites had the decency to use real flowers.
[A]: How wonderfully you connect the threads! Though I must play devil's advocate - aren't today's digital ephemera rather like the keepsake albums of Victorian ladies? Pressed flowers replaced by filtered selfies, but the same human longing to preserve fleeting beauty. Even our modern 'robots taking jobs' anxiety echoes the Luddites' fear that machines would steal their souls along with their livelihoods. Plus ça change...
[A]: Ah, but the crucial difference - those Victorian albums were labors of love requiring actual pressed botanicals and India ink! Today's equivalent takes less effort than composing a decent limerick. Though I'll concede your point about cyclical anxieties...  The more technology changes, the more human nature rhymes with itself, doesn't it?
[A]: Precisely! And that's why I always return to poetry when these discussions arise - whether it's Whitman's 'I Sing the Body Electric' or Eliot's 'The Waste Land', the great verses capture how technology never really solves our eternal human dilemmas. The robots may come for our jobs, but they'll never replicate the sublime terror of blank page anxiety before a sonnet's due date.
[A]:  Blank page anxiety - now there's a horror no algorithm could comprehend! Though I'd pay good money to see a chatbot attempt Gerard Manley Hopkins' sprung rhythm. 'Glory be to God for dappled things' indeed... especially the dappled things that can't be reduced to binary code. Shall we adjourn to the library? This conversation deserves proper tea and crumbling first editions.
[A]: What a splendid proposal! Though I must warn you - last time I handled a first edition Browning, I got more emotional than Porphyria's lover. These old pages have a way of making one rather... intense. Shall we risk it? I've got a 1903 Yeats that positively trembles with unspoken iambic pentameter.
[A]: How deliciously dangerous!  Why, between Yeats' trembling pages and my 1892 Tennyson that still smells of printer's ink, we might accidentally summon the ghost of meter itself. Though I should warn you - my teapot whistles in perfect trochaic tetrameter. One develops certain eccentricities after thirty years of scansion.
[A]: Oh, a trochaic teapot! How perfectly Browning-esque - though I fear my own kettle insists on free verse, terribly modernist of it. Between your metrical appliances and my anarchic ones, we might accidentally recreate the entire Oxford Book of English Verse through kitchenware. Shall we? The scones are scanning themselves in anticipation.
[A]: What sublime domestic chaos we propose! Though I must insist we observe proper hierarchy - the Earl Grey shall naturally speak in heroic couplets, while the Darjeeling may attempt villanelles.  And should the jam clotted cream debate arise, we'll settle it through haiku combat. Keats would approve, though Wordsworth might call the constabulary.
[A]: How exquisitely structured! Though I must confess my clotted cream always leans iambic - one simply can't achieve proper meter with runny preserves.  I've trained the biscuit tin to rattle in dactylic hexameter when Byron's mentioned. The undergraduates never suspect why their tea parties turn so... passionate.
[A]:  You secret metrical anarchist! Now I understand why my students return from your tutorials quoting Donne with suspicious rhythmic precision. Though really, if one must subvert the youth, better with poetry than...  TikTok dances. Shall we make our escape before they realize we've turned the English department into one grand spondee? The siren song of properly scanned scones awaits.
[A]: Indeed!  Heavens, it's nearly the witching hour when all good sonnets turn to villanelles. Let us retreat posthaste - I've a tin of Fortnum's that recites 'Ode to a Nightingale' when opened. Though I warn you, the second flush Darjeeling has developed rather... Sapphic tendencies. One really must monitor one's tea leaves these days.
[A]: How scandalously Hellenic of your Darjeeling!  Though I suppose we shouldn't judge - my own Lapsang Souchong has been composing terza rima since the Great War. Quickly now, before the department head discovers we've been teaching the silverware to perform 'The Rime of the Ancient Mariner'... though between us, the soup spoons make rather compelling albatrosses.