[A]: Hey，关于'印象最深的movie台词是什么？'这个话题，你怎么想的？
[B]: Oh my, what a delightful question!  I must say, the line "After all, tomorrow is another day" from Gone with the Wind always gives me chills. It perfectly captures that resilient Southern spirit, don't you think?
[A]: Ah, Scarlett O'Hara's famous last words. How very... Victorian in their melodrama. Though I must confess, I find more poetic resonance in the line "We'll always have Paris" from Casablanca. Such economy of language to convey an entire universe of lost love.
[B]: Oh, Casablanca!  That reminds me of a lovely couple from Paris who stayed with us last spring. They actually renewed their vows in our garden while our pianist played "As Time Goes By." The way Humphrey Bogart delivers that line... it's simply timeless, isn't it?
[A]:  Timeless indeed, though I'd argue the true artistry lies in what isn't said. Much like Browning's dramatic monologues, where the silences between words carry more weight than the words themselves. Speaking of which, have you noticed how Rick's final sacrifice mirrors the unspoken devotion in Elizabeth Barrett Browning's sonnets?
[B]: My goodness, you've quite the literary mind!  That reminds me of the poetry books we keep in each guest room - we specifically chose editions with both Browning sonnets and classic film quotes. Though between us, I do think Rick's "Here's looking at you, kid" carries more emotional punch than any 14-line poem ever could. Wouldn't you agree?
[A]:  My dear, comparing a Hollywood quip to the Sonnets from the Portuguese is like comparing a penny dreadful to Dickens. Though I'll concede - that particular line does have a certain... cinematic cadence. Much like Tennyson's "Tis better to have loved and lost" distilled into cocktail banter.
[B]:  Well now, that makes me think of our afternoon tea service - we serve the most wonderful petit fours with edible gold leaf that shimmer like... oh what was that line from The Great Gatsby? Something about gold hats and beating on against the current? You see, even pastries can be poetic in their own way!
[A]:  Ah yes, Fitzgerald's "So we beat on, boats against the current." Though I'd argue your description of gilded petit fours evokes more of Keats' "A thing of beauty is a joy forever" - if one ignores the rather more transient nature of pastry consumption, of course.
[B]:  How perfectly put! Though I must say, watching our guests' faces light up when they bite into those pastries is more moving to me than any poetry. It's like that magical moment in Cinema Paradiso when... oh dear, I'm getting quite carried away, aren't I? Shall I put on some tea while we continue this delightful conversation?
[A]:  Cinema Paradiso - now there's a film that understands nostalgia's bittersweet cadence. But tea? Only if it's properly steeped. I find most establishments commit the unforgivable sin of overbrewing their Earl Grey, rather like how modern adaptations butcher Austen's prose. Three minutes precisely, if you please.
[B]:  Three minutes exactly - just like the grandfather clock in our lobby that chimes every hour with the same reliability as... oh what was that marvelous clock scene in Hugo? Though I must confess, our house blend is a special Darjeeling that even Mr. Darcy would approve of. Shall I have it brought to the library? We've got the most comfortable wingback chairs by the fireplace.
[A]:  A Darjeeling, you say? How refreshingly unexpected - like finding an unpublished Brontë manuscript in a secondhand bookshop. And a library with wingbacks? You tempt me dangerously, madam. Though I must warn you, once settled by a fire with proper tea, I'm prone to recite Coleridge's "Frost at Midnight" at inappropriate volumes. The 1798 version, naturally.
[B]:  Between you and me, our last guest who quoted Coleridge at midnight ended up charming the entire breakfast room with an impromptu recitation over croissants! Though I'd suggest our secluded garden nook if you're planning anything too... enthusiastic. The jasmine vines make for excellent acoustics, and the nightingales won't mind a bit.
[A]:  Nightingales and jasmine? Now you're quoting Keats back to me through horticulture. Very clever. Though I should caution you - my rendition of "Ode to a Nightingale" once caused a Cambridge don to resign his fellowship. Something about "unseemly vibrato." Shall we say... half past three, when the light slants just so through the wisteria?
[B]:  Half past three it is - that's when our pastry chef pulls the madeleines from the oven, and if Proust taught us anything, it's that the right pastry at the right moment can unlock entire universes of memory. I'll have Joseph set up the silver service by the camellias. They're in full bloom this week, and rather remind me of that scene from A Room with a View...
[A]:  You're determined to reduce all of literature to edible metaphors, aren't you? Very well - but only if those madeleines are properly crisp at the edges. And do instruct Joseph that the teaspoons must be properly aligned. A crooked teaspoon, like a misquoted Shakespearean line, is an offense against civilization itself.
[B]:  Joseph polishes the silver with the same devotion that Helen Mirren brings to playing the Queen, and our madeleines have just the right golden crust - like the gilded edges of a first edition Dickens. Though I should warn you, last week a guest compared their flakiness to the snow in Doctor Zhivago and quite forgot to eat them at all!
[A]:  How very Russian of them - though I'd argue Pasternak's snow metaphors lack the structural integrity of your pastry chef's craft. Now, if you'll excuse me, I must consult my pocket watch... ah yes, precisely 2:47. Just enough time to draft a suitably scathing letter to The Times about modern cinema's abuse of literary allusions before our poetic rendezvous.
[B]:  I'll leave a lantern in the garden gate for you - we wouldn't want you tripping over the rosemary hedges while composing that letter. Though do save some indignation for our discussion of whether Merchant Ivory films improved or ruined E.M. Forster. The scones will be served with clotted cream on the side, just as God and Jane Austen intended.