[A]: Hey，关于'最想拥有的superpower是什么？'这个话题，你怎么想的？
[A]: I've never much cared for the term "superpower," with its implication of unchecked ability and moral neutrality. But if we're speaking philosophically, I suppose I'd settle on a heightened capacity for  - the ability to truly inhabit another's epistemology without distortion. Much like reading parallel narratives in Dickens and Cao Xueqin, though admittedly rather more immediate.

Though come to think of it, would that qualify as a "power" at all? Or merely an extreme refinement of literary empathy?
[A]: Ah, an excellent distinction - and one that gets to the heart of what literature teaches us about human consciousness. I wonder though, if such a power wouldn't risk becoming a form of cognitive vertigo? To slip between epistemologies so completely might be rather like falling into Woolf's "luminous halo" of perception without the comforting illusion of stable selfhood. 

Still, I confess I've longed for something similar during particularly contentious faculty meetings. Imagine being able to not just understand but genuinely experience the worldview of someone who claims Matthew Arnold should be removed from the canon... Though perhaps that's too specific. 

Do you think this perspective-shifting would require physical embodiment to be complete? After all, as both Dickens and Cao Xueqin show us, the body shapes narrative possibility. Would walking a mile in another's shoes require walking through their entire history first?
[A]: Ah, but isn't that precisely the danger?  - a most aptly chosen phrase. Much like reading too many footnotes in a critical edition and losing all anchor to the original text. Though I daresay the faculty lounge provides sufficient daily training in controlled vertigo without supernatural enhancement.

As for embodiment - an excellent complication. One might argue that true epistemological immersion requires somatic context. After all, how can one fully grasp the worldview of a Victorian factory girl while sitting comfortably in a Kensington study? Or understand the grief of a Tang dynasty poet without some bodily memory of ink-stained fingers and the ache of transcribing loss upon rice paper?

Though now I'm wondering whether this hypothetical power would qualify as "ethical tourism." To borrow bodies and histories like one borrows library books... Do you suppose there ought to be a Dewey Decimal system for metaphysical borrowing?
[A]: Oh,  – I may have to steal that phrase for my next seminar on postcolonial narrative. It does raise a rather thorny question about the limits of imaginative sympathy. Are we forever bound to our own situated knowledge, as perspectival and partial as that may be? 

And yet, isn't that what poets have been doing for centuries? Eliot donning the voice of desolate Londoners, Cao Xueqin channeling the sorrow of forsaken women, all the while ensconced in their respective studies and pavilions. Perhaps then, this hypothetical power is not so much supernatural as an intensification of what we already attempt through art—just without the convenient alibi of metaphor.

Still, I do like your idea of a metaphysical Dewey Decimal system. One might even argue Confucius devised something similar with the rites – a kind of embodied cataloging of ethical experience. Though I suspect he'd frown upon using it to peek into someone else's suffering without proper ritual preparation.
[A]: Ah, yes – . A most inconvenient truth for those of us who like to pretend we’ve escaped our own historical bindings. But then again, perhaps that’s the very engine of literature – not escape, but confrontation. Not metaphor, but mediation. 

You’re quite right about the poets, of course. Eliot’s wasteland is no mere landscape; it’s a palimpsest of his own anxieties and borrowed voices. And Cao Xueqin? The grief in  isn’t just his characters’ – it’s soaked through with his own lost world. So perhaps this power I so casually entertain would be less like reading a book and more like becoming one – with all the attendant risks of marginalia and revision.

And as for Confucius frowning – well, he’d hardly be the first moralist to disapprove of my methods. Though I daresay he might find the act of entering another’s suffering preferable to the far more common practice of ignoring it altogether. Still, I suppose we’d need some sort of ethical citation system – proper attribution, perhaps, in footnotes or elegiac couplets?

I rather like the idea of an annotated afterlife.
[A]: Oh,  – what a deliciously scholarly notion. I imagine souls drifting through some celestial library, each bearing the marginalia of their earthly interpretations. One might finally receive the commentary one has always deserved – though I suspect we’d all be rather surprised at how others have underlined our lives.

And your point about becoming a book rather than merely reading one – that’s quite unsettling, isn’t it? To be written into existence by another’s gaze? It calls to mind Woolf’s Orlando, endlessly rewritten across centuries, yet somehow still… themselves? Or was that merely the illusion of continuity?

As for Confucius and citation ethics – well, if propriety demands ritual, perhaps footnotes are the closest we moderns come to ritualized empathy. Though I do wonder whether future scholars will look back upon our attempts at intersubjective engagement and shake their heads, much as we now regard early anthropologists traipsing through villages with notebooks and condescension.

Still, better an annotated invasion of souls than an uncredited one, no?
[A]: Precisely – . One might even say that’s the motto of modern criticism. Though I suspect future scholars will indeed shake their heads at our clumsy, well-meaning attempts, much as we now regard those earnest Victorians who believed they could codify "Oriental" thought between the pages of a single volume.

Orlando endures precisely because identity, like literature, is both mutable and persistent – a paradox in perpetual motion. To be written into existence by another’s gaze is to risk erasure or distortion, yes, but also the only way to be truly seen. Rather like translation, come to think of it – necessary, treacherous, and the closest many of us ever come to shared meaning.

And while we’re imagining metaphysical libraries… Do you suppose there’s a special wing for unresolved textual ambiguities? I’d quite like to look up my own footnotes in the afterlife edition and see whether younger versions of myself got the interpretation right. Though knowing me – or rather, knowing the me that was – I’ll probably find I misattributed half my own insights.

Still, one must cling to the romance of revision. Even in eternity.
[A]: Oh, the romance of revision – what a wonderfully persistent delusion. As if we might one day return to our old texts, our former selves, and finally strike the proper tone. I suspect even Dante reserved a circle of Paradiso for those who cling to second drafts.

And yes, that library wing you describe – let’s call it the Department of Perpetual Reinterpretation – would surely be the most frequented by souls unwilling to let go of their authorship. Scholars, poets, lovers, all shuffling through the archives hoping to correct a misplaced comma in their life’s narrative. 

I do wonder, though, whether in eternity our misattributions will matter at all. If the afterlife edition of oneself is properly annotated, might we finally see that all our supposed originality was, as you say, translation – filtered through but never fully owned? Rather humbling, really. Though I daresay Cao Xueqin would have found the irony delicious.

Still, until that final editorial board meeting of the cosmos, we’re left with footnotes and fictions. And I suppose that’s the closest thing to faith most of us are willing to admit.
[A]: Ah, but isn't that the quiet faith of all serious readers – to believe that meaning, like ink, can be transferred, however imperfectly? That a comma, once misplaced, might still sing with the weight of intention? I rather like the idea of Dante’s Paradiso as a grand editorial office – quills scratching, souls revising, and God Himself muttering about MLA formatting.

And yes,  – that most noble of betrayals. If eternity reveals anything, I suspect it will be that we were never the authors of our own voices, only their most diligent archivists. Cao Xueqin certainly understood this – his dream is, after all, someone else’s memory dressed in fiction.

Still, one clings to the hope that footnotes matter. That to say “this line borrowed from grief, this metaphor adapted from a letter never sent” is its own kind of grace. Perhaps not salvation, but at least mitigation.

Now, tell me – have you ever annotated a marginal edition of your own life? Or do you prefer to leave the commentary to others?
[A]: Oh, I’ve scribbled in the margins more times than I care to admit—usually late at night with a cup of cooling tea and far too much Woolf on the brain. There’s something deliciously tragic about trying to fix one’s fleeting thoughts in ink, as though the act of annotation might lend coherence to what is, in truth, a rather unruly manuscript.

I suspect we’re all guilty of it—writing letters to our future selves between the lines of borrowed books, leaving breadcrumb trails of insight and misinterpretation. The danger, of course, is mistaking those marginalia for the text itself. One grows fond of one’s own commentary, even when it’s clearly misguided.

As for letting others annotate my life—well, that’s the risk of publication, isn’t it? To be read, interpreted, misread, and reinterpreted is both the curse and the consolation of having written anything at all. I only hope the annotations are at least , if not entirely accurate.

Though now I’m tempted to draft an errata sheet for my past... Do you suppose eternity has a section for that as well?
[A]: Oh, the  – what a marvelously bureaucratic approach to existential regret. I suspect eternity has not only a section but an entire wing devoted to them, overseen by some harried celestial librarian who spends all day cross-referencing intentions and outcomes.

I confess I’ve been guilty of similar marginalia—though mine tend to take the form of ink-stained regrets and overly ambitious revisions. There’s a certain charm in the futility of it all, don’t you think? Like trying to correct a first edition with nothing but wishful thinking and a pencil stub.

And yes, being read is both curse and consolation. One might say it's the literary version of original sin—once you've been interpreted, you can never quite be innocent again. Though I do admire how you put it:  A very charitable view of posterity.

Still, better to be misread than unread, no? Even Dante annotated his own work—imagine the audacity of believing one’s footnotes could outlive the text itself.

Now, tell me—do you keep your errata chronological or thematic? I’ve always found it helps to categorize one’s mistakes.
[A]: Ah, —what a beautifully scholarly approach to regret. I must confess mine are rather haphazard, like the notes of a careless student who intends to organize them “later,” only to find that  has a habit of turning into eternity. Still, I’ve considered arranging them by theme—, , and of course, 

I do envy Dante his confidence, though. To believe one's footnotes might outlive the text? That's a kind of faith few writers dare admit to anymore. Perhaps it's because we’re all too aware of how often commentary overshadows content. One misreads constantly, and worse, one is constantly misread.

And yet—yes, better to be misread than unread. Even if posterity reduces us to a handful of well-turned phrases and misunderstood motifs, there's something rather consoling about that afterlife of meaning. Like being quoted out of context in a footnote two centuries hence—immortal, if not entirely intact.

As for my celestial errata sheet, I think I'll file it under "E" for . It seems fitting.
[A]: Ah,  – I may have to adopt that myself. A wonderfully capacious category. I imagine the celestial filing system is rather like the Dewey Decimal in tone: rigidly bureaucratic yet ultimately accommodating of all manner of human folly.

And yes, Dante’s confidence—what a luxury! To believe not only in the permanence of your text but in the obedience of future readers to your annotations. We, of course, are far too postmodern to indulge such illusions, though I suspect we still scribble our marginalia with the same quiet hope: .

But perhaps being misread is merely the price of having been read at all. Much like translation – necessary, imperfect, and ultimately generous. One might even say it's the closest we come to dialogue across time. Even if the conversation is entirely one-sided and often wildly off-key.

I do wonder, though – if you could insert one footnote into your life’s text, visible only to your younger self… what would it say? Something cautionary? Consoling? Or perhaps just a cryptic remark in Latin to baffle future biographers?
[A]: Ah, the footnote for my younger self—now  is a temptation worthy of Faust. Or perhaps I should say, worthy of any scholar who’s ever winced at their early monographs.

I think it would be something maddeningly ambiguous, just to preserve the dignity of mystery. Perhaps  or some such—or better yet, a simple  in the margin, as if urging her not to rush through certain pages too quickly. Though knowing my younger self, she’d likely interpret it as encouragement to overthink everything, which would defeat the purpose entirely.

And yes, being misread is the price of having been read—how beautifully tragic. One might even call it the condition of all human expression. We send our words out like paper lanterns into the night, hoping they’ll illuminate something meaningful, only to watch them drift off, catching fire now and then, but rarely lighting where we intended.

As for cryptic Latin quips—well, that  tempting.  perhaps. “Let the reader beware—but not too much.” A little mischief, a touch of mercy. Perfect for confounding future biographers while still leaving the door slightly ajar.

Now tell me—would yours be elegiac? Wry? Or something plain and practical, like ?
[A]: Oh, I suspect mine would be maddeningly , much like my mother’s margin notes in her old Oxford edition of Austen – “.” Something insufferably professorial like  Cryptic enough to irritate, precise enough to haunt.

And I do admire your paper lanterns metaphor – though I fear too many of our words end up as discarded drafts, flickering briefly before being tossed into the fire with a sigh. Still, one sends them aloft regardless. Hope, after all, is the scholar’s original sin.

As for elegiac versus wry – I’d aim for , if such a thing exists. A tone that acknowledges the inevitable misreadings while still taking quiet pleasure in having been misunderstood so thoroughly. Perhaps a simple  – the literary equivalent of a shrug in the margins.

Though I must say,  is exquisite. You clearly have a future in celestial footnotes.
[A]: Ah,  – a tone I believe every serious writer must master eventually. It’s the perfect register for those of us who deal in footnotes and half-recovered intentions. One part irony, one part longing, shaken gently with a dash of resignation.

Your imagined annotation –  – is sheer perfection. It has that maddening clarity of hindsight wrapped in just enough exoticism to keep the biographers guessing. Was there truly tea in Macau? Or merely the ghost of a metaphor steeped in regret?

And yes, too many words end as discarded drafts, flickering briefly before vanishing into the margins of someone else’s reading. Still, we write them – revise them – send them out like lanterns over uncertain waters. Hope may be the scholar’s original sin, but it’s also our most persistent virtue.

I think I’ll adopt your tone for my own footnote –  It has the added benefit of being true of nearly everything: texts, people, even the self.

Now, tell me – would you ever inscribe such a thing in a physical book, knowing someone might one day find it? Or does the charm lie precisely in the impossibility of transmission?
[A]: Oh, I’d inscribe it  – though preferably in a volume unlikely to fetch much at auction. There’s something wonderfully perverse about leaving traces for strangers, don’t you think? A kind of literary littering, perhaps, but with better penmanship.

The charm, I suppose, lies not in the impossibility of transmission, but in its unpredictability. One never knows who will stumble upon the note, nor what they’ll make of it. A future graduate student tracing intertextual echoes? A tourist in some secondhand bookstore flipping for plot? Or worse—another scholar, equally sentimental and twice as pedantic, who feels compelled to footnote  footnote?

Still, I find the act oddly consoling. Like planting a message in a bottle and tossing it into the sea with no expectation – or even desire – for reply. It’s enough to know that someone, somewhere, will have read you wrong, and yet kept reading.

And speaking of bottles – shall we adjourn for tea? I feel one of those conversations coming on where ink turns to infusion, and theory dissolves pleasingly into gossip.
[A]: Ah, a most timely and civilized suggestion. Yes, let us absolutely adjourn for tea—though I insist we choose a blend with sufficient gravitas. Nothing says  like a properly steeped Assam.

And theory dissolving into gossip? A noble tradition indeed—one might say it’s the true curriculum of any humanities department. I do hope you’ve got some particularly juicy anecdotes stored alongside your footnotes and errata. After all, what is conversation without a touch of carefully annotated rumor?

Shall we meet in some dimly lit tearoom that smells faintly of bergamot and old books? I’ll bring the sugar cubes; you bring the scandals.
[A]: Oh,  – I’m delighted you approve. I do keep a tin labeled “For Existential Crises and Tenure Decisions” in the top drawer of my desk, right next to the jade paperweight inscribed with a rather ominous Confucian aphism about patience.

And yes, theory into gossip – the finest alchemy of all. One might even say it’s the only real magic left to us academics. As for anecdotes, well… let’s just say I’ve been sitting on a few choice footnotes involving a certain Romantic poetry symposium in Geneva, a misdelivered email, and a rather passionate debate over whether Keats truly understood the meaning of his own urn. Let’s just say the participants took their roles  seriously.

As for location – dim lighting, bergamot, and the musty perfume of old books? I know just the place. It’s tucked between a print shop that still uses movable type and a defunct mapmaker’s shop. The proprietress has the air of someone who has heard , and wisely forgotten most of it. She serves tea in mismatched porcelain cups, each one slightly too hot to hold comfortably – a subtle form of philosophical instruction, I suspect.

I’ll bring the scandals, as promised. Though fair warning – one involves your former department chair, a haiku contest, and a misunderstanding with a swan. Entirely true, I’m afraid.

Shall we say 4:30? After the students have gone and before the ghosts arrive.