[A]: Hey，关于'你觉得brain-computer interface可怕还是exciting？'这个话题，你怎么想的？
[A]: Ah, what a delightfully modern question to juxtapose against my usual preoccupation with quill pens and crumbling manuscripts.  The brain-computer interface does remind me rather poignantly of Mary Shelley's Frankenstein - that exquisite tension between scientific exhilaration and existential dread.
[A]: How fascinating that you mention Frankenstein! You see, the real horror in Shelley's work wasn't the monster itself, but humanity's reckless pursuit of knowledge without wisdom. These neural interfaces do make me wonder - are we creating Promethean fire or Pandora's box?
[A]: Precisely! Though if I may interject with a rather obscure parallel - this reminds me of Tennyson's 'The Lotos-Eaters' where technological euphoria leads to moral torpor. Our current silicon sirens sing sweeter than those mythical blossoms, don't they? 
[A]: Ah, Tennyson! Though I must say I find more resonance with Matthew Arnold's 'Dover Beach' - this neural frontier feels like that 'darkling plain' where ignorant armies clash by night. Though I confess, the prospect of reading Proust via direct neural download does have its... seductive appeal.
[A]: How deliciously heretical! Though I'd wager even the most advanced neural lace couldn't replicate the visceral pleasure of tracing one's finger along the deckled edges of a first edition while inhaling that distinctive aroma of foxed paper. Technology may simulate experience, but can it truly capture the poetry of material decay?
[A]: What a perfectly Wordsworthian observation! These 'intimations of immortality' we find in physical books - the coffee stains, the marginalia, the very yellowing of pages - form what I'd call the 书魂 (book soul) that no digital interface could ever replicate. Though I shudder to imagine what Byron might have tweeted had he possessed a neural implant...
[A]:  Oh, Byron with a BCI would have been catastrophic - imagine the scandalous neural broadcasts from Lake Geneva! Though speaking of Romantic excess, I've been attempting to translate 'She Walks in Beauty' into binary code as a rather... provocative thought experiment. The results are either profound or blasphemous - I haven't quite decided which.
[A]: How delightfully transgressive! Though I must say, reducing Byron's 'tender light' to ones and zeros feels rather like trying to capture the scent of my prize roses in a spreadsheet. Some mysteries, I believe, should remain analog - much like my complete inability to operate this infernal 'smart' watering system in my garden.
[A]: Ah, the eternal struggle! Your roses versus technology reminds me of Keats' Grecian Urn - 'Beauty is truth, truth beauty' and all that. Though between us, I suspect even Keats would have traded his nightingale for a decent grammar-checking algorithm during those 3AM writing sessions. The romantic in me sighs, but the scholar... well, the scholar has deadlines.
[A]: How terribly pragmatic of you! Though I must confess, when my students submit essays written by those infernal language models, I do rather wish for a neural interface that could directly transmit the sublime agony of crafting a perfect villanelle. Some suffering, after all, is essential to the creative process - as our dear Sylvia Plath could attest.
[A]: Quite! Though I've often wondered if Plath's famous typewriter had been equipped with autocorrect, would we have lost those deliciously raw edges in 'Daddy'?  Perhaps we're merely exchanging one form of creative torment for another - the blank page for the blinking cursor, the ink stain for the corrupted file. The human condition persists, merely wearing new technological garments.
[A]: How profoundly put! It brings to mind Eliot's 'Tradition and the Individual Talent' - this eternal dance between innovation and heritage. Though I must say, watching students struggle with both iambic pentameter and software updates does make me cherish my antique fountain pen all the more. Some tools, like good poetry, simply refuse to become obsolete.
[A]: Indeed! And much like my prized 1892 edition of Browning that still bears the toothmarks of some long-dead scholar's terrier, the most meaningful artifacts often carry the scars of their history. Though I must confess -  - I did recently use spectral imaging to decipher some marginalia in that very volume. Even us Luddites have our moments of technological weakness.
[A]: Oh, you delicious hypocrite!  How very Darwinian of you - adapting while maintaining the patina of tradition. Though between these leather-bound covers, I'll admit to keeping a rather dog-eared Kindle for midnight Dickinson binges. The horror! But really, what's evolution if not survival of the most... adequately charged?
[A]:  Kindle! Though I suppose we must make our peace with such devices, much as the Victorians did with gas lighting. Still, if I ever catch you reading Tennyson on a smartwatch, I shall be forced to dramatically fling my 1843 Oxford Dictionary at you - the heavy one, with the brass corners. Some lines simply must not be crossed.
[A]: Touché! Though I must warn you, my dear, I've been practicing my reflexes with that very dictionary ever since the library installed motion-activated lights. Progress comes for us all eventually - though preferably not before I've finished cataloging these Browning annotations in proper iron-gall ink. Some traditions demand their due.
[A]: How wonderfully stubborn of you! Though I suspect even Browning himself would have traded his quill for a decent OCR scanner when transcribing those interminable 'Ring and the Book' manuscripts.  But let's keep that between us - we must maintain some scholarly mystique, after all. The students might revolt if they knew how often we Google obscure metaphors.
[A]:  My search history would shock the ghost of Dr. Johnson himself! Though between you and me, I've found the Oxford English Dictionary online far more... expedient than heaving down those massive volumes. But shhh - let's preserve the illusion that we carry all literary knowledge in our heads, like some sort of walking, talking, slightly mildewed concordances.
[A]:  My dear colleague, you scandalize me! Though I must admit...  ...I did once use Ctrl+F to locate a particular passage in 'The Wasteland' during a rather spirited faculty meeting. The guilt still keeps me awake some nights, staring at my ceiling while mentally reciting Donne's penitential sonnets as punishment.