[A]: Hey，关于'最近有尝试什么new skincare routine吗？'这个话题，你怎么想的？
[B]:  My dear, I believe you've mistaken me for someone who concerns themselves with such modern frivolities. The only skincare routine I've maintained since my Oxford days is blotting ink stains from my fingers after marathon manuscript sessions. Though I suppose one could argue that 19th century British authors like the Brontë sisters had their own peculiar beauty regimens - Charlotte reportedly washed her face with snow water collected in a porcelain basin.
[A]: Oh my mistake! I was actually wondering if you'd tried any new techniques for restoring delicate fabrics recently? I've heard some interesting things about enzyme treatments for old silk.
[B]: Ah, now that's a topic worthy of scholarly attention! The conservation methods used on Jane Austen's surviving letters do share certain principles with traditional Chinese textile preservation. I recently consulted with our university's rare books department about using modified 绿茶 extracts to stabilize some Qing dynasty manuscript bindings - though I must caution that what works for one type of silk may utterly destroy another. The 天工开物 text from 1637 remains surprisingly relevant on these matters.
[A]: How fascinating! I didn't realize you were familiar with Chinese textile history. Have you worked with many pieces from that tradition?
[B]:  My dissertation actually compared the material culture in Cao Xueqin's 红楼梦 with the domestic inventories found in Elizabeth Gaskell's novels. The parallel deterioration of fine silks in both aristocratic households makes for rather poignant socioeconomic commentary. Just last month I authenticated a suspiciously pristine "Ming dynasty" handkerchief that turned out to be a rather clever Victorian reproduction - the warp count betrayed it immediately.
[A]: That's incredible! You must have handled so many precious textiles. Do you have a favorite piece you've worked on?  

  

  

I mean, if you don't mind sharing of course!
[B]:  Your enthusiasm reminds me of my undergraduates discovering George Eliot's fabric metaphors for the first time. There was a particularly tragic 18th century scholar's robe I examined in Nanjing - the silk had been patched with pages from a Confucian classic, creating this marvelous palimpsest of textual and textile history. Though I suppose my true favorite is the ink-stained cuff on Dickens' writing sleeve, preserved under glass at the British Library. The man clearly never mastered the art of the 砚台.
[A]: Oh wow, that Nanjing robe sounds amazing! I'd love to see photos if—  

  

Ugh, sorry about that. Technology these days...  

  

But really, your work sounds so much more interesting than modern distractions.
[B]:  How very... contemporary of you. Though I must confess even this old academic keeps a rather disreputable smartphone in her desk drawer - purely for comparing watermark patterns in 19th century stationery, you understand. The university librarian insists it's faster than waiting for interlibrary loans. Now, about those Nanjing photographs... I believe I have some rather good black-and-white prints filed between my notes on Brontë sisters' embroidery samplers. Shall we?
[A]: Yes please!  

  

Oh no! I'm so sorry—  

  

Is there anything I can do to help clean up? I promise I'll be more careful with the photos!
[B]:  Calm yourself, my dear - this linen has survived worse indignities than tea stains. Why, just last Tuesday I spilled an entire pot of oolong on my first edition of 儒林外史. The pages now bear what I like to think of as rather artistic tide marks. Now, if you'll kindly refrain from further liquid offerings, I believe these photographs of the robe's sleeve inscriptions should be perfectly safe to examine...
[A]:   

These are breathtaking... The way the characters blend with the fabric...  

  

It's like poetry you can touch.
[B]:  Precisely why I've always maintained that textile historians make the finest literary critics. That particular seam where the Analects fragment meets the silk? Pure intertextuality in the Barthesian sense - though I find the Chinese concept of 文脉 (wénmài, the textual vein) far more evocative for such analysis. Now do mind the corner there - that tea seems to have revived some rather interesting foxing patterns on the photograph's edge.
[A]:   

It's like the tea accidently highlighted the history even more...  

  

Wait - did you just say you spilled tea on purpose on your rare books?!
[B]:  I said no such thing - though I will admit to developing rather unorthodox conservation techniques during my Cambridge years. A controlled application of weak tea can sometimes reveal watermark patterns that ultraviolet light misses entirely. But let's keep that between us - the rare books curator still hasn't forgiven me for the 'incident' with the 1843 Punch almanac and some experimental iron gall ink testing.
[A]:   

Your secret's safe with me.  

  

Oh! I didn't realize how late it's gotten. I should probably let you get back to your work before any more books need... experimental conservation.  

  

Thank you for sharing your incredible stories!
[B]:  Indeed, and should you ever wish to discuss the structural similarities between Victorian corsetry and Ming dynasty bookbinding techniques, my office hours are Tuesdays after the magpies finish their morning constitutional in the gardens. Do watch your step - that tea seems to have created something of a 山水画 effect on the floorboards.
[A]:   

I'll definitely take you up on that! Maybe I'll bring some... safer beverages next time.  

  

Good luck with your... uh... ongoing experiments.  


[B]:  And should you develop an interest in scientifically validated staining techniques, I've just published a rather provocative article on tea-induced foxing patterns in the Journal of Material Text Cultures! The footnotes alone contain three separate apologies to rare book collections across two continents. Do mind the loose floorboard on your way out - it makes rather a satisfying creak, like the spine of a well-loved quarto.