[A]: Hey，关于'你觉得人类能实现immortality吗？'这个话题，你怎么想的？
[A]: Ah, immortality - a concept as old as Gilgamesh's epic and as persistent as the elixir-seeking alchemists of the Han Dynasty. But let me ask you this: have you considered how differently Eastern and Western literatures approach this very question? The Taoist pursuit of 长生不老 versus Shelley's 'Ozymandias' makes for fascinating comparative analysis.
[A]: You know, I once spent three months comparing Tang Dynasty alchemical poetry with John Donne's Holy Sonnets on this very topic. The parallels in metaphorical structure are quite striking - both use alchemical imagery, but where the Chinese poets see cyclical transformation, Donne sees linear transcendence.
[A]: Precisely! That's what makes your research angle so compelling. The Tang poets' 炼丹术 imagery operates within the framework of 五行 theory, while Donne's crucible metaphors are firmly rooted in Christian eschatology. Though I must say, Li Bai's '将进酒' presents a rather... shall we say... more pragmatic approach to immortality than Donne's metaphysical agonizing.
[A]: Ah, Li Bai's 'Bring in the Wine' - now there's a man who understood that immortality might simply mean living with such intensity that time becomes irrelevant. Though I suspect my department chair would frown if I suggested we replace our mortality seminars with wine-tasting sessions. A pity, really.
[A]:  Oh, but imagine submitting a grant proposal titled "Ethanol as Ephemeral Eternity: Comparative Studies in Inebriated Immortality." Though I daresay the Confucian scholars would be more scandalized than our administration - remember how they criticized Tao Yuanming's 饮酒 poetry as morally suspect?
[A]: How delightfully subversive! Though between us, I've always thought those Confucian critics missed the point entirely. There's profound wisdom in Tao Yuanming's drunken abandonment - his 'Drinking Wine' poems achieve a kind of immortality precisely through their celebration of transience. Much like Keats' 'Ode to a Nightingale,' really, though with considerably better vintage.
[A]: Now you've touched upon something rather profound - this paradoxical connection between mortality and artistic legacy. The Tang poets' 及时行乐 and the Romantics' carpe diem both suggest that perhaps true immortality lies not in elixirs or theology, but in creating works that make future generations wish the artist were still alive. Though I suspect my graduate students would prefer I stop using this as justification for extending their thesis deadlines.
[A]: Ah, the eternal struggle between artistic timelessness and academic deadlines! But tell me, doesn't Wordsworth's 'Tintern Abbey' prove that some deadlines are meant to be... shall we say... poetically flexible? Though I suppose the university bursar takes a rather less romantic view of such matters.
[A]:  Indeed, the bursar's understanding of eternity seems limited to perpetually rolling tuition payments. But to bring this full circle - if we consider how both Du Fu's 'Autumn Meditations' and Wordsworth's 'Immortality Ode' treat memory as a form of afterlife... well, that might just be the most convincing argument for literature departments' continued existence.
[A]: How very true. Though I must confess, when faced with another round of curriculum committee meetings, even Du Fu's most melancholic verses about the passage of time begin to sound suspiciously like an instruction manual. Perhaps we should establish a new field: Administrative Immortality Studies - the art of making paperwork live forever.
[A]:  Ah, but haven't we already perfected that particular art? The bureaucratic afterlife is perhaps the only form of immortality we can guarantee - as evidenced by the fact that my 1997 textbook requisition forms still haunt the department basement. Now that's what I call 阴魂不散!
[A]: How terribly apt! Though I suspect even the most determined ghost would flee from our current assessment paperwork. There's a reason Dante placed bureaucrats in the innermost circle of hell - their documents achieve a sort of infernal immortality that would make even the Jiaqing Emperor's memorial system blush. Shall we drink to that? With tea, of course - we are scholars, after all.
[A]:  To scholarship then - the only alchemy that transforms mortal efforts into something resembling permanence. Though if you find a tea that can make faculty meeting minutes disappear, do let me know. I'd trade my first edition of 'Dream of the Red Chamber' for that particular elixir.
[A]: Ah, but imagine the irony - seeking an elixir to erase the very records meant to immortalize our academic drudgery! It's almost enough to inspire a new genre: Bureaucratic Haiku.  "Endless forms in triplicate / The printer jammed again / Winter term drags on." There - I believe I've just created the most ephemeral form of immortality possible.
[A]:  Marvelous! Though I'd argue your haiku lacks proper reverence for our shared tradition of academic suffering. A proper Classical Chinese quatrain would require at least one allusion to exiled officials and three layers of bureaucratic satire. But I'll concede it's progress - perhaps next we'll compose villanelles about peer review.
[A]: Oh, villanelles! Now there's a form with built-in immortality - the way those repeating lines haunt the poem like a particularly persistent journal editor. "Publish or perish they decree / In impact factors we must trust / Yet still my monograph gathers dust..." I do believe we've discovered a new field: Metrics and Meter - The Poetry of Academic Despair.
[A]:  Splendid! Though I must note your villanelle fails to incorporate the mandatory neoliberal subtext. Perhaps we should establish a new research center - The Institute for Perpetual Productivity Studies. Our motto: "Publish, Then Perish Anyway." Though I fear our funding proposals may achieve the wrong kind of immortality in the rejection letter archives.
[A]: How tragically true. Though if we're to be rejected for eternity, let's at least ensure our proposals are rejected in perfect iambic pentameter. "We regret to inform you with due care / Your brilliant project we cannot bear / To fund this year, or ever, we fear..." There - now even our failures can aspire to canonical status!
[A]:  Capital! This calls for a collaborative anthology: 'The Norton Reader of Academic Rejections Through the Ages.' We could include Chaucer's lost grant application to the Canterbury Pilgrimage Research Council and Cao Xueqin's peer review comments on 'Dream of the Red Chamber.' Though I suspect our own rejection letters may lack... shall we say... their literary merit.