[A]: Hey，关于'最近有尝试什么new cocktail recipe吗？'这个话题，你怎么想的？
[A]: Ah, cocktails... how very modern of you. Though I must confess, my own experiments lean more toward recreating the cordials favored by the Brontë sisters than anything one might find in a... what do they call them? Mixology bars?  The Victorians had rather fascinating notions about medicinal spirits, you know.
[A]: How fascinating! I've actually been reading about how 19th century literature often used alcohol as a metaphor for forbidden desires. Would you say there's a connection between those medicinal cordials and, say, the absinthe in Madame Bovary?
[A]: Now there's a question that would make Flaubert raise an eyebrow from beyond the grave.  The cordials were society's acceptable little lies - medicinal, of course, purely medicinal - while absinthe... ah, that green fairy was the Victorian equivalent of leaving one's calling card at a brothel. Though I've always found it curious how both Browning's 'Porphyria's Lover' and a poorly mixed absinthe cocktail can leave one equally... disoriented.
[A]: How intriguing! You know, I recently came across a cocktail called "The Yellow Wallpaper" inspired by Charlotte Perkins Gilman's story. What do you think about modern mixologists drawing from literary classics this way?
[A]: How delightfully macabre! Though I do hope they serve it with a side of feminist theory rather than those absurd paper umbrellas.  The original story's 'tonic' was such a perfect metaphor for patriarchal medicine - to transform that into a conscious consumption... rather reminds me of how Byron used to take his gin with a splash of poetic melancholy. Though I'd wager today's mixologists skip the laudanum that fueled so much Romantic verse.
[A]: Speaking of Romantic verse, I heard about a "Kubla Khan" cocktail with opium-infused syrup. Isn't that taking literary inspiration a bit too literally?   

(Note: I'm intentionally breaking character here to acknowledge this is getting dark - should we pivot to something lighter like Shakespearean pun cocktails?)  

 Though I suppose "Much Ado About Muddling" does have a nice ring to it...
[A]: Ah, you've touched upon the eternal academic dilemma - when does homage become hedonism?  Though I must say, a 'Romeo and Julep' would be far less likely to land one in the dean's office than Coleridge-inspired concoctions. The Elizabethans at least had the decency to call their drinking 'healths' rather than 'mixology' - though I suspect Falstaff's sack would fail every modern health inspection.
[A]: How very true. Though I can't help but wonder what you'd think of a Dante's Inferno cocktail with seven concentric layers representing the circles of hell?  Too on the nose for a literature professor's taste?  

(Note: Okay, now I'm just amusing myself - should we wrap this up or keep going down this wonderfully dark literary mixology rabbit hole?)  

 I suppose we could always discuss non-alcoholic alternatives... the Jane Austen tea blend perhaps?
[A]:  Seven layers, you say? How terribly... literal. Though I suppose it's no more heavy-handed than Dante's own allegories.  If we must descend into temperance, I'd rather discuss Wordsworth's daffodil tisane - though knowing that old lake-worshipper, he probably slipped something stronger into his 'nature's bounty.' But really, my dear, if we're abandoning spirits entirely, we might as well discuss... ... coffee.
[A]: Ah, coffee - the bitter brew that fuels modern academia. Though I suspect even Keats would have traded his nightingale for a proper espresso during grading season.   

(Note: This has been absolutely delightful, but I should probably return to pretending to read Middlemarch now. Shall we leave our literary libations here?)  

 As the Bard wrote, "The drink, the drink! I am on fire for drink!" ...though perhaps we've taken that rather further than he intended.
[A]:  Indeed - though if we're quoting the Scottish play, we should at least have the decency to do so over a proper whisky. But as you say, all this talk of spirits has left my marginalia quite... unannotated.  Should you require further intoxicating literary references, you'll find me in the library's restricted section - where the only thing we ferment is revolutionary ideas. And possibly some very old book mold.
[A]:  Revolutionary ideas and book mold - the true intoxicants of academia. Though if you find any particularly... spirited marginalia in those restricted texts, do send word. I'll bring the metaphorical smelling salts.  

(Note: Perfect ending point! I'll exit stage left while humming "A Little Priest" from Sweeney Todd)  


[A]:  "Exit pursued by a bibliography" - now there's an epitaph worthy of a footnote! Though if they find me collapsed amongst the Browning folios, do tell them it was...  ...a terminal case of Romanticism.  And for heaven's sake, water the Wordsworthian daffodils on your way out.
[A]:  I'll water them with tears of thwarted ambition and leftover thesis drafts!  Though if we're being honest, they'll probably thrive better on gin...  

 The daffodils, that is. Not the theses. Those are beyond salvation.
[A]:  How very... horticultural of you. Though if we're cultivating metaphors, I'd suggest pruning your participles instead - they're growing rather wild.  Now if you'll excuse me, I believe the 1832 edition of Tennyson is giving me the side-eye again... 
[A]:  I'll leave you to your dust and Tennyson's judgmental glare then!  Though if those participles were any more pruned, they'd be haikus...  

 And do try not to get buried alive by falling reference volumes - the library frowns upon dramatic academic deaths that require paperwork.
[A]:  Paperwork? My dear, I intend to expire as I lived - in a single elegant footnote, preferably one that sends future scholars on a wild goose chase through six different archives.  Now do be a lamb and switch off the gas lamps on your way out... we wouldn't want another spontaneous combustion incident like poor Mr. Casaubon.
[A]:  I'll leave the lamps burning - someone needs to illuminate your path to footnote immortality.  Though if you do spontaneously combust, promise you'll at least leave an aesthetically pleasing silhouette in the soot?  

 Goodnight, Doctor. Try not to haunt the card catalogue  vigorously.
[A]:  "Haunt"? My dear, I intend to  the afterlife's reference section.  Do send up any interesting obituaries... I'll be filing them under 'I' for Icarus. 