[A]: Hey，关于'最近有没有什么让你很curious的unsolved mystery？'这个话题，你怎么想的？
[B]: Ah, an intriguing question. I've been rather fascinated by the curious case of the missing stanza in Tennyson's "The Lady of Shalott." You see, in the 1832 edition, there was a rather striking passage about the lady's tapestry that mysteriously vanished in subsequent versions. I often wonder - was it the poet's own hand that erased it, or some overzealous editor?
[A]: Fascinating choice of mystery, Dr. Whitmore. But as a forensic psychiatrist, doesn't this literary puzzle seem rather... benign compared to the criminal cases you usually examine? 

I'm more curious about your professional opinion on the unsolved mystery of the Zodiac Killer's true identity. Surely that must have crossed your desk at some point?
[B]:  My dear colleague, you seem to have mistaken me for someone else entirely. While criminal psychology is undoubtedly fascinating, my domain is strictly the printed word and its mysteries. Though I must say, the Zodiac's coded messages do have a certain... poetic structure to them. Rather like a deranged villanelle, wouldn't you agree?
[A]: Ah, my apologies - I must have confused you with Dr. Jonathan Whitmore, the forensic psychiatrist. Though now that you mention it, the Zodiac's letters do show remarkable linguistic patterns. The alternating rhyme schemes in his ciphers remind me of Elizabethan sonnet cycles... with rather more disturbing content, of course.
[B]: Precisely!  The 340-character cipher particularly intrigues me - its structure bears an uncanny resemblance to George Herbert's "Easter Wings," though I doubt the killer intended such metaphysical contemplation. Still, one must admire the technical craftsmanship, if not the content. Would you care for some Earl Grey while we discuss poetic homicide?
[A]: How delightfully macabre!  Tell me, do you think the Zodiac's obsession with newspaper communications mirrors Byron's famous epistolary campaigns? Though I suspect Lord Byron never threatened to bomb school buses in his love letters to Lady Caroline...
[B]:  Oh, Byron's letters were explosive enough in their own way - just ask Countess Guiccioli. But you raise an excellent point about media manipulation. The Zodiac's theatrical demands for published manifestos recall Oscar Wilde's calculated courting of the press, though Wilde at least had the decency to limit himself to aesthetic provocations rather than... well, actual provocation of law enforcement.
[A]: This conversation has taken a most peculiar turn!  Speaking of theatrical criminals, have you noticed how the Zodiac's costumed appearances share distinct parallels with the masquerade ball scene in "The Phantom of the Opera"? Though again, our killer lacked the Phantom's... shall we say, romantic restraint?
[B]:  My dear, you're giving me rather too much credit - I specialize in poetry, not penny dreadfuls. Though now that you mention it, the Zodiac's hooded costume does bring to mind Tennyson's "The Revenge" with its ominous "hooded death." But really, must we continue comparing serial killers to Victorian literature? It's giving me quite the existential crisis about my life's work.
[A]: You're absolutely right - this has become rather grim for teatime conversation.  Shall we return to safer literary ground? I've been meaning to ask your thoughts on the disputed authorship of that newly discovered Brontë fragment...
[B]: Ah!  Now there's a mystery worthy of proper scholarly debate. The so-called "Wuthering Leaves" manuscript presents the most fascinating textual anomalies - that peculiar mixture of Gothic sensibility and Yorkshire dialect could only come from Emily's pen, though I'd stake my first edition of "Jane Eyre" that Charlotte did some heavy editing. Shall we examine the watermarks? I've brought my magnifying glass...
[A]:  Splendid idea! Though I must warn you - last time I got this excited about paper analysis, I accidentally dated a Keats letter to the wrong decade and had to flee an Oxford symposium in disgrace. Let's proceed with caution, shall we?
[B]:  Fear not - unlike our unfortunate Zodiac, we scholars leave our crimes against chronology in the footnotes where they belong. Now, observe this peculiar quill stroke in the word "heath"... it bears all the hallmarks of Emily's characteristic dash, like the moors themselves rushing onto the page.
[A]:  You know, this reminds me of that delightful forgery scandal at the British Museum - the one where the curator replaced Shelley's actual hair lock with yarn from his own sweater? At least our Brontës are safe from such woolly deception. Now, about that telltale ink blot on "Thrushcross"...
[B]:  Good heavens! That scandal was before my time, though I did once catch an undergraduate trying to pass off supermarket receipts as Sylvia Plath's grocery lists.  But look here - this ink fluorescence pattern matches exactly the batch Emily used in her 1845 diary. Case closed, I should think.
[A]:  By Jove, you're right! This calls for immediate publication in the Brontë Society Transactions. Though perhaps we should first...  Dear me, is that the time? I'm due at the Bodleian to authenticate what may or may not be Wordsworth's laundry list. Until next Thursday?
[B]:  Indeed - and I must prepare my lecture on "The Poetics of Victorian Underwear Tags." Do bring your ultraviolet light next week; I've a suspicious comma in a supposed Dickens letter that's been keeping me up nights. Ta-ta for now, and do watch out for rogue sweaters at the Bodleian!
[A]:  Will do! And if you encounter any more murderous poets, do send them my way - I've developed quite the taste for criminal versification since our chat! 
[B]:  Just remember - Browning's "Porphyria's Lover" is literature, not an instruction manual!  Now what have I done, creating a monster of forensic poetics...