[A]: Hey，关于'你相信astrology吗？'这个话题，你怎么想的？
[A]: Ah, an interesting question. As someone who spends her days analyzing textual patterns in Austen and Cao Xueqin, I must say the zodiac holds about as much scholarly weight as Mr. Collins' sermons in Pride and Prejudice. Though I suppose the Chinese concept of 生辰八字 does make for fascinating comparative cultural study.
[A]: How fascinating that you mention 生辰八字! I've always found the intersection between literary fatalism and astrological determinism quite compelling. Don't you think there's a certain poetic symmetry between the zodiac's twelve houses and the twelve chapters of Dream of the Red Chamber?
[A]:  Now that's what I'd call a forced analogy worthy of my first-year students. While both systems employ cyclical patterns, Cao Xueqin's structural choices stem from Buddhist concepts of reincarnation, not celestial mechanics. Though I must admit the moon imagery in chapter five does create an interesting resonance with lunar astrology.
[A]: You're absolutely right to call me out on that - I was getting carried away like Emma Woodhouse playing matchmaker! But tell me, doesn't Shakespeare's use of 'star-crossed lovers' in Romeo and Juliet suggest even the greatest writers occasionally flirt with astrological motifs?
[A]: Ah, but Shakespeare was dramatizing contemporary beliefs, not endorsing them - much like how the 太虚幻境 in Dream of the Red Chamber critiques rather than celebrates Daoist mysticism. Though I'll concede that passage in King Lear where Edmund mocks astrology... now that's worth analyzing over tea. Care to join me? This calls for my 19th century Yixing clay teapot.
[A]: How perfectly delightful! Though I must warn you, my last attempt at reading tea leaves ended with me confusing the Empress card with a particularly stubborn Earl Grey stain. Perhaps we should stick to textual analysis - less messy, and far more reliable than Mercury retrograde.
[A]: Precisely why I keep my Ming dynasty tea bowls strictly for drinking, not divination. Though speaking of reliability - shall we examine how both Western and Eastern literatures use celestial imagery purely as narrative devices? I've got first editions of Hardy's Far From the Madding Crowd and 聊斋志异 that make for excellent comparative specimens.
[A]:  Your enthusiasm reminds me of my dear colleague who tried to correlate the I Ching with Virginia Woolf's stream-of-consciousness. Though I must say, the moon imagery in Tess of the d'Urbervilles does share an uncanny resemblance to the lunar symbolism in 李白's poetry. Shall we draft a proper comparative paper on this?
[A]: Only if we can include that marvelous tangent about how Wordsworth's 'star-gazers' differ from Du Fu's 星垂平野阔. But first, let me fetch my 1832 edition of Lyrical Ballads - I keep it next to my 康熙字典 for precisely such interdisciplinary emergencies.
[A]: How wonderfully prepared you are! Though I suspect our astrologer friends would say this conversation was written in the stars - whereas we know it's simply the natural result of two bibliophiles with excellent taste in tea and intertextual analysis.
[A]: Indeed - though I'd attribute it less to celestial influence and more to what we scholars call 学术缘分. Now, about that proposed paper... shall we structure it chronologically or thematically? I've just spotted a particularly relevant passage in my annotated 红楼梦 that simply demands inclusion.
[A]: Thematically, without question - we wouldn't want to impose artificial chronology on concepts that transcend time, would we? Though I must insist we include that brilliant footnote you once made comparing Keats' "starry skies" to 苏轼's 把酒问青天. The Oxford Press editors will swoon.
[A]: How refreshing to encounter someone who appreciates proper footnote etiquette! Though I must warn you, my last footnote comparing Brontë's moor imagery to 山水画 traditions ended up longer than the actual chapter. Shall we aim for slightly more restraint this time? 
[A]: Restraint?  My dear colleague, when has true scholarship ever been about restraint? Why, my analysis of Dante's celestial spheres versus 庄子's cosmic visions spilled into three appendices and a haiku. But very well - for you, I'll try to contain my enthusiasm to, say, five pages of footnotes.
[A]:  Five pages? How delightously moderate! Though I suspect when we get to the Qing dynasty commentaries on cosmic imagery, we'll need at least seven. Shall we pencil in a date to compare research notes? I'll bring my 17th century star charts - purely as historical artifacts, of course.
[A]: Splendid! Though I must confess - the last time I consulted my 天工开物 illustrations during a scholarly debate, I accidentally proved my own thesis wrong. A humbling experience, rather like when Darcy first reads Elizabeth's letter. Shall we say Tuesday? After my seminar on Milton's cosmic imagery, naturally.
[A]: Tuesday it is - though we may need to reschedule if the university's peacocks are particularly vocal near my office window again. Those magnificent birds have a knack for interrupting precisely when one reaches the most delicate comparative analysis. Bring your best inkwell - we've got constellations to deconstruct, metaphorically speaking.
[A]: How perfectly serendipitous - my new peacock-feather quill just arrived from Florence! Though I suppose we should maintain some scholarly decorum and not let our stationery upstage the actual research. Until Tuesday then - may the muses (but not the zodiac) guide our preparations!
[A]: Until Tuesday - and should you encounter any particularly obstinate astrological references in your research, do remember what we scholars say: 尽信书不如无书. Though in our case, perhaps 尽信星不如无星 would be more appropriate. 