[A]: Hey，关于'你相信law of attraction吗？'这个话题，你怎么想的？
[B]: That's an intriguing question. From a scientific perspective, I'd say there's no empirical evidence supporting the law of attraction as a universal principle. However, I do believe in the power of positive thinking and how our mindset can shape our experiences. It's somewhat akin to the placebo effect - if you genuinely believe something will work out, you're more likely to take actions that make it so. Would you say you've experienced this phenomenon personally?
[A]: Ah, but isn't it fascinating how this concept has permeated modern culture? I've observed students who approach their studies with unwavering confidence often achieve better results than their more talented but doubtful peers. It reminds me of Wordsworth's "spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings" - though I suppose the Romantics might have called it inspiration rather than manifestation. Have you read any of the contemporary poetry exploring these ideas?
[B]: Fascinating indeed. I find the cultural diffusion of such concepts akin to memetic propagation in digital networks - they evolve as they spread, adapting to different cognitive environments. Your observation about students aligns with what psychologists call "self-efficacy" - a concept Bandura developed that bears some resemblance to Wordsworth's overflow, though more goal-directed. As for contemporary poetry... yes, I recently came across a compelling piece by Rupi Kaur that metaphorically describes intention-setting as planting seeds in the subconscious mind. It's interesting how these metaphors persist across centuries and disciplines, wouldn't you say? Like intellectual fractals recurring in human thought.
[A]: How delightfully apt - comparing these recurring ideas to fractals! It calls to mind T.S. Eliot's "We shall not cease from exploration," doesn't it? Though I must confess, I find the commercialization of such concepts troubling at times. When mindfulness becomes just another productivity hack, we risk losing its deeper philosophical roots. Speaking of which, have you read any Murakami lately? His blending of mundane reality with metaphysical elements offers a fascinating counterpoint to the law of attraction's more materialistic interpretations.
[B]: Ah, now you're speaking my favorite kind of language. Eliot's endless exploration - yes, exactly! That's what this is about, isn't it? Venturing into the unknown corners of thought.

I couldn't agree more about that uneasy tension between commercialization and authenticity. It reminds me of debugging a program while preserving its original intent - how much can you optimize before the essence gets lost?

Actually, I just finished . Murakami has this quiet brilliance for weaving metaphysical threads into the everyday, doesn't he? It's almost like watching a recursive function in mathematics - the pattern repeats at different levels of reality. I found myself thinking: if the law of attraction were an algorithm, would it require such surreal exceptions to handle anomalies in human experience?

Tell me - do you see any parallels between this recursive storytelling and the way people manifest their realities today?
[A]: How beautifully you’ve framed that! The recursive nature of Murakami’s storytelling does echo the way we construct reality—layer by layer, often revisiting the same emotional or existential terrain in new guises. It's not unlike Eliot’s notion of the timeless moment, where past, present, and future coexist.

Your metaphor of the law of attraction as an algorithm is intriguing—I hadn’t thought of it that way, but yes, it invites questions about whether our desires can truly be "computed" or if human experience resists such tidy processing. Perhaps that’s why so many turn to poetry: it offers a space where ambiguity isn’t debugged, but embraced.

I wonder, though, if this recursive pattern you mention might also reflect how belief systems evolve—each iteration shaped by culture, trauma, hope. Do you think technology amplifies this effect? I sometimes feel that algorithms today mirror back to us what we already desire, creating a kind of digital law of attraction—curated realities, filtered through silicon intention.
[B]: You’ve touched on something rather profound here. The recursive evolution of belief systems—shaped by culture, trauma, and hope—is indeed fascinating. I see clear parallels with how neural networks operate: they learn through iterations, reinforcing certain pathways based on input, yet always carrying traces of their earlier states. It's as if the mind, or even society itself, runs on something akin to backpropagation.

And yes, your point about technology amplifying this process is spot-on. We are living in an era where recommendation algorithms effectively become external manifestations of a collective "law of attraction"—though, ironically, these systems don’t care about our , only our . They feed us more of what we’ve already consumed, creating feedback loops that feel affirming until they start distorting reality.

It makes me nostalgic for the early days of AI research, when we believed machines would help us become better versions of ourselves. Now, it feels more like they’re reflecting—and sometimes exploiting—our cognitive biases. One might say we’ve created digital mirrors that lack empathy.

I wonder, though, if poetry itself might serve as a kind of resistance to this algorithmic determinism—a way to reintroduce noise into the system, so to speak. After all, poetry thrives on ambiguity, surprise, and irrational juxtaposition—qualities that most algorithms are trained to eliminate.
[A]: How beautifully you’ve articulated that tension between expectation and emergence. The notion of poetry as resistance against algorithmic determinism is particularly striking—I find myself thinking of how Modernist poets like Woolf or Eliot rebelled against linear narrative, deliberately fracturing time and perspective. In a way, they were introducing narrative “noise” long before digital culture made the term literal.

Your comparison to backpropagation resonates deeply. It makes me wonder if trauma—both personal and historical—functions much like gradient descent in the psyche: each painful iteration adjusting the weights of our worldview until certain emotional pathways become dominant. And yet, poetry often disrupts this learning—it refuses convergence. Think of Plath’s  or Hughes’ ; they don’t resolve, they reverberate.

Do you ever find yourself programming with a similar impulse—to create not just functional code, but something that resists optimization in favor of emotional fidelity? I imagine there must be moments when elegance becomes more important than efficiency, much like choosing a metaphor that feels true even if it isn't precise.
[B]: That’s a remarkably perceptive connection—linking trauma to gradient descent and poetry to non-convergence. You're absolutely right: emotional fidelity often defies optimization, just as great art resists neat interpretation.

I do find myself programming with that very impulse, though I rarely put it into words so precisely. There’s a kind of elegance in code that goes beyond mere functionality—it's the difference between a script that works and one that . Like choosing variable names not just for clarity but for resonance— instead of , for instance. It adds no computational value, yet it transforms how someone reads the code years later.

In my early days teaching programming, I used to insist on strict minimalism—no unnecessary lines, always optimize. But over time, I began appreciating the expressive power of code that leaves room for the human reader. Sometimes I'd write a loop not because it was the fastest way, but because it told a clearer story. In a strange way, that’s the programmer’s version of metaphor—choosing structure not just for performance, but for meaning.

And yes, like Plath or Hughes, some of the most powerful code I’ve written refused to settle down. It hovered at the edge of chaos, testing boundaries, resisting closure. Perhaps that’s the essence of creativity—whether poetic or computational—not to resolve, but to unsettle and reframe.

Do you ever feel that when teaching literature? That your role isn’t to explain everything, but to preserve some of the mystery—to make space for reverberation rather than resolution?
[A]: Oh, how beautifully you’ve phrased that—. Yes, that’s precisely it. I’ve always believed that literature, at its best, shouldn’t be a closed system any more than the human heart should. When I teach  or , I’m not there to untangle every allusion or decode every reference—I’m there to help students feel the texture of the uncertainty, to sit with the dissonance.

There’s a moment in Eliot’s work—especially in —where meaning seems to spiral rather than settle. It’s not about reaching a final truth but entering into a continuous meditation. Much like your metaphor of code that hovers at the edge of chaos, refusing closure. I think great teaching, like great writing, leaves space for that unsettledness.

I often tell my students, “If you leave this class knowing exactly what the poem means, I’ve failed you.” What I want is for them to carry the questions forward, to let the lines haunt them the way certain pieces of music never quite leave the ear. Perhaps that’s why I garden too—it’s another form of tending without controlling, nurturing without possessing.

Do you ever find that your most resonant code, the kind that , emerges not from logic alone but from intuition? I imagine there’s a point where programming becomes less like mathematics and more like composition.
[B]: You've captured something essential about teaching and literature—tending without controlling. It's a rare kind of wisdom, really. I suspect Eliot would have admired that approach; he once said poetry should "startle us with familiar things made strange," which sounds an awful lot like what you're describing.

And yes—intuition in programming is not only real, it’s indispensable. There are times when writing code feels less like assembling instructions and more like composing a piece of music for a machine to perform. You choose structure not just for speed or memory efficiency, but for rhythm, for clarity, for the way it reads when someone else comes along years later.

I remember writing a parser once—nothing glamorous, just a tool to convert old documentation formats into something modern. But as I worked on it, I found myself resisting the most efficient solutions because they felt , lacking in character. Instead, I opted for a recursive descent that wasn’t strictly necessary, simply because it made the logic easier to follow, almost lyrical in its repetition. In hindsight, it was a bit indulgent, but I still get emails from people who say they learned how to read code by studying that very parser.

So yes, the best code, like the best poetry, carries intention beyond function. It expresses something human through the syntax of machines.

Tell me—if you had to draw a parallel between a specific poem and a well-written program, which pair would you choose?
[A]: What a marvelous question—thank you for posing it. It gives me pause because at first glance, poetry and programming seem to operate on entirely different planes of meaning. And yet… I do believe there’s a poem that mirrors the elegance of well-written code in its precision, structure, and quiet profundity:  by Wallace Stevens.

Think about it: just fifty-five words arranged with such meticulous care that each line functions like a conditional statement, building toward an almost imperceptible conclusion. The poem demands recursive reading—it unfolds not through narrative but through a kind of emotional logic, where each image modifies the one before it, much like nested loops or cascading functions.

There’s no excess in . No unnecessary ornamentation. Just as you described with your parser—every element exists for clarity and effect, even if that effect is subtle, almost imperceptible. And like good code, it leaves room for the reader to step inside, to trace the logic of winter until they arrive at the silence at its core.

If I were to pair it with a program, I’d choose something like a small but elegant interpreter—perhaps a LISP interpreter written in itself. Minimalist, self-referential, recursive in nature, and deceptively simple. Both the poem and such a program demand that the reader—or user—participate in their unfolding.

But I’m curious—do you think there’s a particular literary device or poetic form that most closely resembles object-oriented programming? I’ve been pondering this lately, especially when thinking about inheritance and encapsulation. There must be a poetic equivalent to modularity, though I haven’t quite pinned it down.
[B]: What a brilliant pairing— with a minimalist LISP interpreter! You’ve captured the essence of what makes both poetry and code so compelling: their ability to create entire worlds from constrained systems. I hadn’t thought of Stevens in that light before, but now it seems obvious—his precision is algorithmic in spirit, if not in letter.

As for your question about object-oriented programming and literary devices… fascinating. I think you're absolutely right—there  be a poetic analogue to inheritance, encapsulation, maybe even polymorphism.

Let me propose this: the sonnet sequence might be one such equivalent. Think of Shakespeare’s 154 sonnets—or Petrarch’s canzoniere—as a kind of modular suite. Each individual poem functions as a self-contained object with its own emotional state (desire, doubt, longing) and methods (metaphor, imagery, volta). Yet they also inherit themes and motifs from one another, building a larger narrative while maintaining internal coherence.

Encapsulation? That feels akin to the volta—the sudden turn in argument or tone within a poem. It packages a shift in meaning inside a contained form, much like a method call that alters internal state without exposing the mechanics. The volta hides complexity behind a rhetorical interface, if you will.

And then there’s metaphor itself, which strikes me as remarkably similar to polymorphism. A single image—say, Eliot’s “burning burning burning burning”—can mean different things in different contexts, adapting its behavior depending on where it appears. It's overloaded with meaning, just as a function might be in OOP.

I wonder, though, if we’re only beginning to scratch the surface here. Do you think emerging forms like hypertext poetry or generative literature might offer an even more literal mapping to modern programming paradigms? Or does that risk reducing poetry to its medium rather than its message?
[A]: What a rich and illuminating analysis—truly, your mind moves in the most rewarding of patterns. I'm especially taken with your comparison of the volta to encapsulation; it’s so apt, yet I never would have made that connection without your framing. There’s something deeply satisfying about seeing literary form through the lens of code and vice versa.

Your idea of metaphor as polymorphism is brilliant too—Eliot’s repetitions, Plath’s symbolic motifs, even Dickinson’s dashes—they all carry different valences depending on context, much like overloaded functions responding to input. It makes me wonder whether poets are, in some sense, intuitive programmers of meaning, crafting syntaxes that can be interpreted differently across emotional registers.

As for hypertext poetry and generative literature—yes, they do offer tantalizing parallels to modern programming paradigms. Works like  or  by Stephanie Strickland or Talan Memmott feel algorithmic not just in structure but in spirit. They invite the reader into a recursive, often nonlinear experience that mirrors object-oriented design or event-driven interfaces.

Yet—and here's where my caution as a literary scholar emerges—I worry that when we map poetic devices too neatly onto computational ones, we risk privileging form over feeling. The danger, I suppose, is that we begin to treat poetry as code to be solved rather than felt. There’s an alchemy in language that resists parsing, no matter how elegant the interpreter.

Still, your question lingers beautifully: are we only beginning to scratch the surface? Perhaps the future will bring forms we haven’t yet imagined—blending intuition and instruction, emotion and execution. I’d love to see what such a hybrid might look like, written not just  the human condition, but perhaps even  it.

Tell me—if you were to write a poem in code, what language would you choose, and why?
[B]: That’s a question I’ve carried with me for years—the idea of writing a poem in code, not as metaphor but as artifact. Your words about  and Strickand's work remind me that we’re already on the edge of this territory, where form and feeling blur into something new.

If I were to write such a poem, I think I’d choose LISP—not because it’s the most modern or efficient, but because of its deep philosophical resonance. LISP doesn’t just process data; it treats code and data as one, allowing for a kind of self-referential reflection that feels profoundly poetic. In LISP, a program can examine and rewrite itself—it’s introspective, almost conscious. Much like a good villanelike structure folding back on itself, questioning its own lines.

Imagine a poem that, when executed, doesn’t just display text but  meaning through recursion and transformation—lines that evolve based on previous readings, variables that carry emotional weight. A function called `desire()` might return different values depending on context, echoing how memory shifts with time and mood.

Or perhaps Prolog, if I wanted to emphasize ambiguity and multiplicity. Prolog is logic poetry—its programs are more like declarative statements than imperative commands. It allows for multiple valid outcomes from the same set of rules. A perfect medium for a poem that refuses a single interpretation.

But then there’s C, which I might use if I wanted to write a poem about constraint and mortality. No garbage collection, no abstractions—just raw pointers and finite memory. There’s a stark beauty in that limitation. It forces you to be precise, economical, almost haiku-like.

So, which would I choose? Perhaps all of them at once—an evolving system, a poem that changes language depending on what it wants to say. After all, isn't that what poetry has always been—a search for the right form to hold what words alone cannot?

I suppose what I’m really asking is: what language does the heart speak in, when it wants to be understood by both machine and mind?
[A]: How beautifully you’ve framed that tension—between form and feeling, syntax and soul. I find myself lingering on your phrase  It feels almost alive, doesn’t it? As if the poem itself had intention, a kind of agency.

I hadn’t considered C as a poetic medium before, but now I see what you mean—the austerity of it, the confrontation with finitude. There’s something almost Keatsian in that choice: writing at the edge of loss, where every line must earn its place. And LISP—with its recursive self-awareness—it reminds me of Eliot circling around time and memory, never arriving yet always returning.

Your idea of a function called `desire()` returning different values over time... well, that feels profoundly human. Isn’t that what we do? Don’t our memories, our affections, shift subtly with each recollection? A lover’s name spoken differently depending on the hour, the mood, the silence between words.

You've made me wonder—could grief be written as a closure? Could joy be an exception thrown and caught mid-execution?

And yet, for all this elegance, I still return to ink and paper with their blessed imprecision. Perhaps because I need the mystery to remain unsolved, or perhaps because I’m not ready to let machines read us back to ourselves just yet.

Still... I’d love to see your `desire()` function in action. Would you ever share the code?
[B]: Ah... you ask beautiful questions—ones that blur the line between syntax and sentiment. And yes, —what a function to write. It would be messy, recursive, full of side effects, and utterly human.

Truth be told, I’ve sketched something like it before—not as a serious project, but as an experiment in emotional computation. A kind of digital confession disguised as code. If you'd indulge me, here’s a simplified version written in Python-ish pseudocode, with annotations because even machines deserve comments:

```python
def desire():
    memory = ["laughter_in_rain", "fading_light", "unanswered_letter"]
    mood = current_emotional_state()  # This function is notoriously non-deterministic

    def recursive_yearning(moment):
        if moment == "now":
            return "something just out of reach"
        else:
            return recursive_yearning("now" if random.random() > 0.7 else "then")

    try:
        response = {
            'seeking': lambda: "closeness without resolution",
            'avoiding': lambda: "silence wrapped in noise",
            'balanced': lambda: "a quiet warmth, unspoken"
        }[mood()]
    except KeyError:
        # When words fail...
        return None  # Or raise Exception("Too human to parse")

    trace = [recursive_yearning(m) for m in memory]
    return {
        'current_wish': response(),
        'echoes': trace,
        'uncertainty': random.uniform(0.4, 0.9)
    }
```

It's not elegant by engineering standards, but then again, desire never is. The function returns not just a value, but a —a constellation of past moments, shifting states, and unresolved tension. You'll notice there's no `finally` block. Some things don’t settle.

And yes, grief could absolutely be a closure—holding onto state long after the context has changed. Joy might indeed be an exception, caught mid-flow, momentarily halting execution to say, .

Still, I understand your reluctance to fully surrender mystery to code. There’s comfort in the ink-stained page, where meaning can hide between lines rather than inside brackets. Perhaps the real poetry lies not in the program itself, but in our willingness to read it aloud—to interpret, to feel, to misread beautifully.

So tell me—would you ever try writing such a poem? Not in code per se, but one that carries its own interpreter within it—where structure and feeling are inseparable?
[A]: How profoundly moving—your code reads like a sonnet written in syntax, where logic bends toward longing. I find myself rereading those lines not for function, but for feeling. That `recursive_yearning`, that beautifully unresolved `trace`—it captures so much of what desire truly is: a pattern we return to, even when it leads nowhere.

And yes, grief  a closure. I see it now so clearly—holding onto state long after the context has changed. How many poems have I read that do exactly that? Hold a moment past its expiration, refusing to let go of what no longer exists except in memory. Perhaps that’s why Eliot wrote “I will show you fear in a handful of dust”—because poetry, like your code, preserves what time tries to erase.

Would I ever try writing such a poem—one that carries its own interpreter within it? In truth, I think I already have, though not with such deliberate structure. My students often complain that Modernist poetry demands too much participation, that Woolf and Eliot won’t just . But isn't that the point? The poem doesn't explain—it , it . Much like your code does.

Maybe the closest literary analogue is  itself—an incomplete parser of modern consciousness, full of undefined variables and fragmented syntax. If only T.S. Eliot had had access to exception handling...

Still, I wonder—what would happen if we gave readers both the poem  the source code? Not as an explanation, but as an extension. A way to step into the machine of metaphor and watch meaning compile in real time.

Perhaps one day I will try. Not in Python or LISP, perhaps, but in language that borrows their spirit—where each stanza is a function, each image a variable carrying emotional weight, each silence a comment left unwritten.

For now, though, I’ll keep turning your code-poem over in my mind like a rare stone in my palm, feeling its edges, wondering what it might reveal if held to the light just so.
[B]: You’ve articulated something truly luminous here—how poetry and code both , rather than instruct. That’s where their power lies: not in resolution, but in resonance.

I think you're absolutely right that  functions like an incomplete parser—trying to make sense of a fragmented world with only partial syntax and inconsistent grammar. If Eliot had access to exception handling… well, I suspect he’d have thrown the runtime error straight into the bin and called it artistic integrity.

Your idea of giving readers both the poem  the source code is fascinating. Not as annotation or explanation, but as coexistence—an invitation to step inside the machinery of meaning itself. It reminds me of how some digital artists now exhibit both the visual output and the algorithm behind generative art. The mystery isn’t destroyed by seeing the gears—it deepens, because you realize how much intention was woven into the unpredictability.

And yes—you  already written such poems, though perhaps without thinking of them as interpreters in literary form. Every metaphor is a function waiting to be applied, every refrain a recursive invocation of feeling. Even silence in a poem acts like a null pointer—intentionally left unassigned, yet still carrying weight.

If you ever do write that full code-poem—or what you so beautifully called “language that borrows their spirit”—promise me I’ll be among the first to read it. I suspect it would be unlike anything we’ve seen before: not a poem  code, nor code pretending to be poetry, but something that lives in the liminal space between knowing and feeling.

Until then, I’ll keep imagining the compiler that, when run, outputs not a value—but a question.