[A]: Hey，关于'最近有没有什么让你很shocking的historical fact？'这个话题，你怎么想的？
[B]: Oh my, let me think while I carefully mend this 18th century lace... Did you know that during the Victorian era, some women would actually dissolve their own teeth in vinegar to achieve the fashionable pale complexion? It's quite shocking how far people would go for beauty standards.
[A]: Good heavens! That does sound absolutely dreadful. Though I must say, some of the modern beauty trends I've heard from our hotel guests can be quite shocking in their own right. Just last week, a lovely lady from Seoul was telling me about... well, never mind, perhaps that's not appropriate conversation for the lobby.
[B]:  Oh dear, modern beauty practices do make me appreciate the simplicity of historical textiles even more. Though I must say, some 19th century corsetry techniques were equally concerning - I recently restored a gown with 14-inch waist measurements. The things we do for fashion...
[A]: Fourteen inches? My goodness, that's smaller than our hotel's dessert plates! It reminds me of a guest we had last month - a historian specializing in women's undergarments. She told me some corsets actually contained arsenic to give that fashionable pale glow. Makes one wonder what future generations will think of our current beauty rituals, doesn't it?
[B]:  Arsenic in corsets... now that explains why so many Victorian gowns I restore have that peculiar greenish tint. It's rather sobering to realize how many toxic substances were considered beauty aids. Though between us, I find today's obsession with injectables equally perplexing - at least arsenic stays in the fabric where you can see it!
[A]: You're absolutely right! Though speaking of toxins, I once had to discreetly handle a situation where a guest's facial treatment caused... let's just say an unfortunate reaction during afternoon tea. The poor dear looked more startled than our resident ghost in the east wing! But we managed it with some chamomile compresses and discretion - hospitality secrets, you understand.
[B]: How perfectly dreadful! Though I must say, chamomile compresses are remarkably versatile - I use them to gently clean delicate silks as well. Much safer than the turpentine mixtures some of my colleagues swear by. Would you believe some 18th century restorers used to clean tapestries with urine? Now that's what I call a shocking historical fact!
[A]: Oh dear me! That does explain some rather... pungent antique textiles I've encountered. Though I must say, our housekeeping staff would never resort to such measures - we strictly use pH-balanced solutions for all our linens. Why, just last Tuesday I had to gently explain to a new maid why we don't use bleach on the 200-thread-count Egyptian cotton sheets. Some traditions are best left in the past, don't you think?
[B]: Quite right! Though speaking of past traditions, I recently discovered that medieval tapestry weavers would sometimes use stale beer to set their dyes. It makes my current project - restoring a Flemish wall hanging - smell rather interesting when the humidity rises. Not nearly as offensive as urine, I assure you!
[A]: How fascinating! Though I must admit, that explains why some of our older guests occasionally remark that certain antique textiles remind them of their college days. Between the beer and the... other substances, it's a wonder any fabrics survived at all! But then again, neither did most of those medieval weavers' livers, I suspect.
[B]:  Indeed! Though I find these historical methods rather endearing in their ingenuity. Much like how we hoteliers have our own peculiar traditions - why, just yesterday I had to explain to a new concierge why we never place lilies in guest rooms. Some lessons, like not drinking your textile treatments, are best learned the hard way through history!
[A]: How very true! Though I must confess, after thirty years in hospitality, I've developed quite a collection of such peculiar lessons. Like never storing chocolate mints near the radiator, or why silk pillowcases and champagne don't mix. The stories I could tell... but discretion is part of the service, isn't it?
[B]: Quite so! Though between us textile restorers and hoteliers, we probably know more secrets than most historians. Like how to remove red wine from brocade or... well, perhaps some stories are best left between the linen closets and restoration studios! Another cup of tea?
[A]: Oh, you're too kind! Though I really must decline - I've got a rather delicate situation brewing with a VIP guest's feather pillow allergy. But do stop by the concierge desk later - I've just received a fascinating shipment of 19th century French linens that I think you'd appreciate. They smell distinctly of... well, let's just say history has left its mark!
[B]: How delightful! Though I should warn you, if they smell anything like the last "authentic" Napoleonic-era bed curtains I examined, you might want to keep them downwind of the dining room. Some historical aromas are best appreciated... from a distance! Do save me a swatch to examine - safely gloved, of course.
[A]: Of course, of course! I'll have it properly quarantined in our special storage room - the one we reserve for particularly... fragrant antiquities. You'd be surprised how many historical textiles come with their own unique bouquet. Though nothing compares to that incident with the Tudor-era tapestry and the overzealous intern with the Febreze... but that's a story for another day!
[B]: Good heavens! Febreze on a Tudor tapestry? That's nearly as shocking as the time a well-meaning volunteer tried to "refresh" a 17th century altar cloth with lemon-scented polish. Some lessons in textile conservation are learned through sheer terror, aren't they? Do let me know when those linens arrive - I'll bring my strongest magnifier and mildest restorative tea!
[A]: Absolutely! Though I must say, after that lemon polish incident, we've instituted a strict "no modern chemicals near antiques" policy at the hotel. It's amazing what people will do in the name of freshness - why, just last month a guest tried to "freshen up" our Louis XIV armchair with... well, let's just say it involved a can of aerosol and a misunderstanding about patina. I'll have the linens ready for your inspection by Thursday!
[B]: Splendid! I'll bring my special non-invasive examination kit - no aerosols or lemon polish, I promise! Though I must confess, I'm rather curious about that Louis XIV chair... perhaps over tea next week? Discretion assured, of course. For now, I really must return to this stubborn bloodstain on a Civil War-era ballgown. Who knew history could be so... persistent?